# AI Personal Voice Assistant Using Python-JARVIS:

A project to build an AI voice assistant using Python. The Voice assistant interacts with the humans to perform basic tasks.

### About JARVIS:

Jarvis is an AI personal voice assistant service built using PyCharm. It can understand human speech and perform basic tasks. When the user specifies the appropriate trigger words, The Jarvis gets activated and executes the user commands.


### The Voice assistant can perform the following tasks:


1. Opens a webpage: YouTube, G-Mail, Google Chrome, Stack Overflow 
					
2. Predicts time 				
		
3. Fetches Top headlines from Times of India
		
4. Captures a photo

5. Also you can ask questions like how are you/how you doing.	
  		
6. Plays songs on YouTube				
		
7. Searches data from web
	
8. Tells jokes  		
						
9. Ask geographical and computational questions
	
10. Changes desktop background 	 	
		
11. Empties recycle bin		
		
12. Predict Weather of different Cities
   		
13. Writes a note	
		
14. Also it shows the written note		
	
15. Abstract necessary information from Wikipedia
	
   The voice assistant abstracts first 3 lines of Wikipedia and gives the information to the user.
		
16. Ask Jarvis about what task it can perform and who created it
	
17. Restarts the PC 		
	  			
18. Puts the PC on sleep

19. If you say Ok, Bye or Stop or Goodbye, Jarvis shuts down
		
20. Turn off your pc when required
   		

   		 


### Libraries required to be installed:
	
import ctypes

import datetime

import shutil

import subprocess

import time

import webbrowser

import os

import pyttsx3

import pywhatkit

import requests

import speech_recognition as sr

import wikipedia

import winshell as winshell

import wolframalpha

import json

from ecapture import ecapture as ec

from pyjokes import pyjokes


### In-Built libraries required to be imported:

	1.os
	
	2.datetime
	
	3.web browser
	
	4.subprocess



Jarvis uses Third party API's to predict weather in different cities and to ask computational and geographical questions. 
Free API keys can be generated by creating an account in the following applications.  
	
	Open Weather Map - To forecast weather
	
	Wolfram Alpha - To answer geographical and computational questions
	







